[Docs] [Remote Clusters] Note about certificates in ESS for Remote Cluster Security (#105771)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/modules/cluster/remote-clusters-api-key.asciidoc

[[remote-clusters-security-api-key]]
==== Establish trust with a remote cluster

> NOTE: If the remote cluster is part of an {ess} deployment, there is already a valid certificate. In that case, you can ignore steps of this procedure related to certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If a remote cluster is part of an {ess} deployment, it has a valid certificate by default. 
You can therefore skip steps related to certificates in these instructions.
```
